g'day welcome to the simple cooking
Channel today I'm going to be cooking my
recipe of scrambled eggs so what you're
going to need is four eggs 50 grams of
cheese grated pinch of salt and about
roughly 20 grams of garlic and half a
cup of milk I use light milk you can use
full cream if that's what you use so
those the ingredients for my scrambled
eggs recipe now let's get started making
first thing you want to do is you want
to turn the gas or if you've got an
electric stove on too high now most
people get their eggs and they put them
in a mixing bowl and with milk and stuff
and they mix it all together I'm going
to do it that way I just do it this way
just straight in straight in like that
and then turn it down to low add the
milk not too much
add the garlic now add the cheese so I
add all the ingredients at once
therefore everything will cook and blend
at the same time so there we go just a
little bit left just a little bit salt
just a pinch and there we have our
scrambled eggs and just chop it all
together mix it like this now with a
little bit of cheese little bit of
garlic just give it just a little bit of
a kick rather than often people just get
scrambled egg mix it together with some
milk put it in and and that's it just do
an extra two or three little bits of
ingredients can go a long way as you can
see it's already starting to thicken but
as you can see when you look at it it's
very even very smooth it's going to come
out a really nice texture and keep it on
high and constantly constantly mix it in
with this constantly mix it don't leave
it a mistake that a lot of people make
when they're cooking with of its eggs or
just regular meals is they go away and
leave it come back to get has developed
a across its burned from from the
underside or the trick that I've learned
is keep it moving constantly constantly
moving now is we just leave it for a
second over about 30 seconds okay mix
again so basically what you want is the
excess milk here then it's have a bit
too much than not enough is there will
be some excess milk if you put a little
bit too much in which is what I like to
do and then you let that evaporate
slowly that way it slowly cooks the eggs
so rather than rushing and often people
make eggs don't have many ingredients in
them and you hear people saying you know
my eggs that you know they're always dry
or their flavorless well do it this way
spit you just spend an extra few minutes
they would certainly won't be dry
they will not be flavorless these are
pretty much ready now it's still a
little bit of milk of the excess milk
that's almost funny you don't want to
cook it until all of that is gone
because then what's happening is it's no
longer evaporating it's saying to suck
the moisture out of the eggs and there
you go simple different egg recipe
scrambled eggs a different way and all
that was was four eggs and that's enough
if you're having toast that's easily
enough for two or three people if you're
having eggs just by yourself like I'm
going to this is probably more than
enough for me very simple very tasty
boosting the flavor actually boosting
the flavor so join me next time for my
next meal